<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Frameset//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-frameset.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
       xmlns:a="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"  
      
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
  
      
      <h:head>
<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge"/>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>

   <meta name="google-signin-client_id" content="437622396713-7pjomjgqh57el4qc3ojlr2mlbf4r8ihf.apps.googleusercontent.com"/>
 <script src="https://apis.google.com/js/platform.js"  ></script>
 
<link rel="stylesheet" href="resource/css/bootstrap.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="resource/mystyle/home.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="resource/mystyle/onlyhome.css"/>
 <link rel="stylesheet" href="resource/mystyle/button.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="resource/mystyle/login.css"/>
  <script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.2.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="resource/js/bootstrap.js"/>
<script type="text/javascript" src="resource/js/jquery.js"/>
<title>Terms &amp; Conditions</title>
<style>
p{color: black;font-size:16px;font-family: "Palatino Linotype", "Book Antiqua", Palatino, serif;}
h4{font-weight: bold; color:black;font-family: "Palatino Linotype", "Book Antiqua", Palatino, serif;}
li{color: black;font-size:16px;font-family: "Palatino Linotype", "Book Antiqua", Palatino, serif;}
</style>
</h:head> 
<h:body style="color:#fff;">  
       <div id="indexheader">
	<ui:insert name="indexheader">
		<ui:include src="indexheader.xhtml" />
	</ui:insert>
</div>
  <!-- -end of header --> 
<br></br><br></br><br></br>
 <p:tabView>
        <p:tab title="Terms &amp; Conditions" >
    
            <div style="padding:60px;test-align:justified;">
         <p>Effective Date: May 07, 2018</p>
         <br></br>
<h4>Acknowledgment and Acceptance of the Terms of Service</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Welcome to Kaizen&apos;s Terms of Service. Your use of the Service described below is subject to your review and agreement to these Terms of Service. These Terms of Service, including the provisions set forth in our separate privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy,	" and collectively, the "Terms of Service	" or "Terms	"), constitute a contract between us, Kaizen Knowledge Services ("Kaizen"), and you ("you" or the "user	").
</p>

<p>
Your use of the Service shall be deemed as acceptance of the Terms of Service.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
The Service</h4>
<br></br>
<p>The Collaborate  application, ("Service"), is available on numerous computer devices and systems and is provided  by Kaizen.</p>
<p>
To use the Service, you must create an account (your "Account") by providing Kaizen with an acceptable email address and creating a password in your account Information. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy, completeness, and confidentiality of your Account Information, and shall be responsible for all activities that occur under your Account, including activities of others to whom you have provided Account Information. Kaizen shall not be responsible for any loss or damage arising from your failure to provide Kaizen with accurate information or for keeping your Account Information secure. If you discover any unauthorized use of your Account Information, you should immediately change your password. Your Account and Account Information should not be shared with others.</p>
<p>
You may use Collaborate system with a web browser.  Kaizen has no responsibility for making Internet and other telecommunication services necessary to access the Service available to you.</p>
<p>
All content, including, but not limited to, text, images, videos, etc., created, stored, displayed, or transmitted in your Account (collectively, your "Content"), is your sole responsibility as the person who created the Content or introduced it into the Service.
</p>
<p>
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL Kaizen BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR CONTENT POSTED BY ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY.</p>
<p>

You may deactivate your Account at any time by following the appropriate deactivation steps. We may suspend or deactivate your Account, at any time, with or without notice.</p>
<p>
The Service is not directed towards children and we expect that use by children shall only be done with the guidance, supervision, and consent of their parents or guardians. We rely on parents and guardians to ensure minors only use the Service if they can understand their rights and responsibilities as stated in these Terms.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Rights of the User</h4>
<p>
After creating your Account and accepting these Terms, you shall be granted a limited, non-exclusive license to use the Service, subject to these Terms, for so long as you are not prohibited from receiving the Service under the laws applicable to you, until you deactivate your Account voluntarily, or until we deactivate your Account. Additionally, you shall be granted a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, and non-exclusive license to use the Collaborate Software, for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Service, until your rights to use the Service are terminated for any reason.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Rights of Kaizen</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Kaizen shall have the right to modify the Terms of Service at any time and without prior notice. Your use of the Service is governed by the then current version of the Terms of Service in effect on the date of use, and your use of the Service shall be deemed as acceptance of the current Terms of Service.</p>
<p>
You acknowledge and agree that Kaizen (and our licensors) own all legal right, title, and interest in and to the Service and Collaborate Software. Further, Kaizen may use any feedback, comments, or suggestions generated by you, without any obligation to you. You acknowledge and agree that the rights in the Service, Collaborate Software, and your feedback, comments, and suggestions, including all intellectual property rights, are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other laws, regulations, and treatises, in addition to these Terms. You agree not to modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from Collaborate Software.</p>
<p>
Kaizen may engage certain affiliates or third parties to provide services relating to all or part of the Service, and you hereby agree that such third party involvement is acceptable. The Kaizen Service may include software supplied by third parties, such as Salesforce , Heroku , Sendgrid etc.. Kaizen expressly disclaims any warranty or other assurance to you regarding such third party software.</p>
<p>
Kaizen may engage certain affiliates or third parties to provide services relating to all or part of the Service, and you hereby agree that such third party 
involvement is acceptable. The Kaizen Service may include software supplied by third parties, such as Google, DigitalOcean, etc.. Kaizen expressly disclaims
 any warranty or other assurance to you regarding such third party software.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Content Submitted Through The Service</h4>

<br></br>
<p>
You retain copyright and any other rights you already held in your Content before you submitted or displayed it on or through the Service. By using the Service and uploading Content, you grant Kaizen a license to display and distribute your Content and to modify (for technical purposes) and reproduce such Content to enable Kaizen to run the Service. You agree that this license is royalty-free, irrevocable, and worldwide. Kaizen acknowledges that, other than this license and any feedback you provide to Kaizen directly, we do not obtain any right, title, or interest from you under these Terms in your Content. If you use any third party service or application that is integrated with Kaizen, you agree that the license granted to Kaizen in the preceding paragraph shall apply to Content submitted or uploaded through such third party service or application.</p>
<p>
You represent and warrant to Kaizen that you have unencumbered legal rights and authority to submit your Content to Kaizen, and to make a distribution of that Content in your use of the Service. You also represent to Kaizen that, by submitting Content to Kaizen and granting Kaizen the rights described in these Terms, you are not infringing the rights of any person or third party.</p>
<p>
Kaizen has the right not to accept, store, display, or transmit any Content in our sole discretion.</p>
<p>
The Service provides the ability to share your Content with others. You acknowledge that other users may, for example, copy, modify, and distribute that Content. Kaizen has no responsibility for that activity. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that, by using the Service, you may be exposed to content of others that may be offensive, indecent, or objectionable to you.</p>
<p>
Kaizen may have the need to review part or all of your Content. Please see our Privacy Policy for further details of this review and the treatment of your Content.</p>
<p>
Your use of the Service may result in interstate and international data transmissions, and your use constitutes your consent to such transmissions.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Payment Information</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
You represent and warrant that if you purchase something from us, that any information, including credit card information, you supply is true and complete, charges incurred by you shall be honored by your credit card company, and you shall pay the charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including any applicable taxes.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Advertisements</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
While Kaizen does not currently display advertisements and sponsorships through the Service, it reserves its right to do so in the future. Advertisers and sponsors shall be responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion in the Service is accurate and complies with applicable laws. Kaizen is not responsible for the illegality or any error, inaccuracy, or issue in the materials provided by an advertiser or sponsor.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Third Party Resources</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Kaizen may include or recommend third party resources, materials, or links to third party websites, content, and applications as part of, or in connection with, the Service. We may have little or no control over such sites or resources and, accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources; we are not responsible or liable for any content or other materials or performance available from such sites or resources; and we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such sites or resources.</p>

<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Indemnification
</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
You agree to indemnify and hold Kaizen, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, and partners harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses, and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising from or in any way related to any third party claims relating to your use of any of the Service (including all actions taken under your Account), or any violation of these Terms of Service. In the event of such claim, we shall provide notice of the claim, suit, or action to the contact information we have for your Account, provided that any failure to deliver such notice to you shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligation hereunder.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
THE Collaborate SERVICE AND Collaborate SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS	", AT YOUR OWN RISK, WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. WE ALSO DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.</p>
<p>
Kaizen shall have no responsibility for any harm to your computer system, loss or corruption of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Service or Kaizen Software.
</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT Kaizen, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS, AND OUR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND SUCCESSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, COVER OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF Kaizen HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR THE LOSS, CORRUPTION OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, CONTENT OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS, CONTENT, OR CONDUCT OF ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY ON OR USING THE SERVICE; (v) YOUR FAILURE TO PROTECT THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION; (vi) THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY USING OR INTEGRATING WITH THE SERVICE; (vii) ANY ADVERTISING CONTENT OR YOUR PURCHASE OR USE OF ANY ADVERTISED OR OTHER THIRD PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE; (viii) THE TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE; OR (ix) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IS INTENDED TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT ANY CONDITION, WARRANTY, RIGHT, OR LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF IMPLIED TERMS, OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, ONLY THOSE LIMITATIONS WHICH ARE LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION (IF ANY) SHALL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.</p>
  <br></br><br></br>
<h4>
GOVERNING LAW AND CLAIMS</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
These Terms and the use of the Service and Collaborate Software shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions.</p>
<p>
You and Kaizen agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise, except any dispute relating to the enforcement or validity of your, our or either of our licensors&apos; intellectual property rights, shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify. The relevant laws govern  the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.</p>
<p>
Our arbitration proceedings would be conducted under the business related laws in the republic of India under its rules and procedures applicable at that time.
</p>
<p>
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the Republic of India, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different Kaizen users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same user to the extent required by applicable law. </p>
<p>
YOU AND Kaizen AGREE, AS PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS PART OF ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. WE REFER TO THIS AS THE "PROHIBITION OF CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS.	" UNLESS BOTH YOU AND WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN YOUR OR OUR CLAIM WITH ANOTHER PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING. THE ARBITRATOR MAY ONLY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER Kaizen USERS.</p>
<p>
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action you may have arising out of or related to use of the Service or otherwise under these must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or you hereby agree to be forever barred from bringing such claim. The provisions of this section shall be deemed to constitute a separate written legally binding agreement by and between you and Kaizen.</p>
<p>
Except where a dispute is being resolved pursuant to an arbitration (as provided above), you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Kaizen must be resolved exclusively by a  court located in republic of India. You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within India (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to exclude the jurisdiction of any other court) for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.</p>

<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Intellectual Property</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Kaizen respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide notice to Kaizen with the following information:</p>
<p>
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located in the Service; Your name, address, telephone number, and email address; A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Our Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement in the Service can be reached by directing an email to the Copyright Agent at admin@teamcollaborate.net</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Additional Provisions</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Except where these Terms or another agreement provide otherwise, any notice to Kaizen must be delivered by email to legal@Kaizen.com.</p>
<p>
This is the entire agreement between you and Kaizen relating to the subject matter.</p>
<p>
These Terms supersede any prior agreements or earlier versions of these Terms between you and Kaizen for the use of the Service.</p>
<p>
You agree that each affiliate of Kaizen shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, 
and rely upon, any provision of these Terms which confers a benefit on them. No other person or company shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Additional Provisions</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Except where these Terms or another agreement provide otherwise, any notice to Kaizen must be delivered by email to admin@teamcollaborate.net</p>
<p>
This is the entire agreement between you and Kaizen relating to the subject matter.
These Terms supersede any prior agreements or earlier versions of these Terms between you and Kaizen for the use of the Service.
You agree that each affiliate of Kaizen shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of these Terms which confers a benefit on them. No other person or company shall be a third party beneficiary to these Terms.

</p>
<p>
Any heading, caption, or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof.
</p>


  <br></br> 
            </div>
            </p:tab>
            
            
            
            
            
             <p:tab title="Privacy Policy">
           
            <div style="padding:60px;test-align:justified;">
         <p>Effective Date: May 07, 2018</p>
         <br></br>
               
<h4>
Acknowledgment and Acceptance of the Privacy Policy</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Welcome to Kaizen&apos;s Privacy Policy. Kaizen respects the privacy of its users and cares about your privacy in your information you store in the Collaborate application. This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Kaizen Terms of Service, and applies to the information obtained by us through your use of our website, the Service, and the Collaborate Software. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not defined herein shall have the meanings provided for those terms in the Terms of Service.</p>
<p>
Your use of the Service shall be deemed as acceptance of the PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Information We Collect</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Kaizen may collect and store certain information of yours in order to run the Service. This information may include:</p>
<ul>
<li>
Limited personal information that you provide (Personal Information). For example, when you register your account, we collect some Personal Information, including your email address. If you choose to provide us with access to an account you have with a social networking service, then we may collect certain information related to that account. As a registered user of the Service, you shall have the ability to modify the Personal Information you provide.</li>
  <li>
Content you provide and add to your Account.</li>
<li>
Information related to your use of the Service. This may include the geographic area where you use your computer or mobile devices (as indicated by an Internet Protocol address or similar identifier), and the specific aspects of the Service that you use. Kaizen may also receive and collect information from your computer or mobile device, including the activities you perform with your Account, the type of hardware and software you are using, and information obtained from cookies . Cookies are small data files that we transfer to your computer or mobile device. Certain cookies may be used to save your Account Information for future visits to the Service. Certain cookies may be used to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service, and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service.</li>

</ul>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>How We Use Your Information</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Personal Information may be used to provide and improve our Service, to better understand your needs and interests, to personalize and improve your experience, and to provide or offer Kaizen Software updates and announcements. If you do not wish to receive communications from Kaizen, please follow the  instructions for unsubscribing  provided in any of those communications.
We may use geographic location information to optimize your experience. If you do not wish to share Content embedded with your geo-location information with us, please do not upload them. Additionally, we may collect information from your computer or mobile device, such as an IP address, that may be used to approximate the location of the computer or mobile device.
Logging and Cookie information, along with Personal Information, may be used for the above purposes, as well as to monitor and analyze use of the Service, with the goal of optimizing the Service and enhancing your experience. This information may also be used to verify that you have the authorization needed to use the Service.</p>

<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Information Sharing and Disclosure</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Kaizen does not sell your personal information to third parties. Kaizen will display your Personal Information and Content in accordance with your Account preferences and instructions, and our Terms of Service. Please consider carefully what you disclose.
Your information may be shared with third party service providers to provide and improve our Service. Some third parties&apos; embedded content or plugins on the Service may allow their operators to learn that you have visited the Service, and they may combine this information with other identifiable information they have collected about your visits to other websites or services. We may share your information with a third party application with your consent. We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information, so you should trust that application and be comfortable with its terms of service and privacy policy. To provide you with the Service, we may store, process and transmit information in the United States and locations around the world, including those outside your country.
Your information may be shared when we believe it is necessary to investigate potential violations of our Terms of Service, to enforce our Terms of Service, or when we need to investigate potential illegal activity, fraud, or threats. Furthermore, your information may be shared if such access is required or permitted by law to protect the rights, property, or safety of Kaizen or the users of the Service, and may be shared when required to comply with applicable laws, including with court orders or other legal process.</p>
<p>
If Kaizen is involved in a merger, acquisition, or similar transaction, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction.
Non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information may be disclosed.</p>

<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Organisation Account</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
The Organisation Account Administrator of a Collaborate business account has access to all Content you create  associated with that   business account. The Administrator can also see the with whom you have shared Content. The Administrator cannot access any of the Content in your personal (non-business) account.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Data Retention</h4>
<br></br>
<p>

Your information shall be retained for so long as needed to provide the Service to you. Your information may be retained as necessary to comply with legal regulations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Security</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Kaizen takes the security of your information very seriously and we follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at admin@teamcollaborate.net</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Policy Towards Children</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
Our Service is not directed towards children under the age of thirteen. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under thirteen. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at admin@teamcollaborate.net. If we become aware that a child under thirteen has provided us with Personal Information, we shall take steps to delete such information from our files.</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Contacting Us</h4>
<br></br>
<p>
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at admin@teamcollaborate.net</p>
<br></br><br></br>
<h4>
Changes To The Privacy Policy</h4>
<br></br>
<p>

Kaizen may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We shall include any updated Privacy Policy, and its Effective Date, on our website and in our Service. We suggest that you periodically check the Privacy Policy to keep informed of the latest policies and procedures. Your continued use of the Service shall be deemed as acceptance of the current Privacy Policy.         </p>
        <br></br> 
        </div>        
        </p:tab>
        
        
        
        
         <p:tab title="Cancellation &amp; Refund Policy">
        
            <div style="padding:60px;test-align:justified;">
      
         
<h4>
Cancellation &amp; Refund Policy

</h4>
<br></br><br></br>
<p>
We owe you a "Thank you" for choosing to buy &amp; use our products. Kaizen makes systems which add value to the customer. If , for any reason , customer is not satisfied with our products, we will return the amount for the remaining period of subscription.

</p>
<br></br>
<p> Cancellation &amp; Refund will be "No Questions Asked". We will appreciate if the customer will share any critical feedbacks about our products so that we can improve continuously.   
</p>
<br></br>
<p>You may submit a cancellation request at any time by going to the Customer Inputs form.
</p>
 <br></br><br></br><br></br><br></br>
        </div>
        </p:tab>
        </p:tabView>
        
       
        <div id="footer">
	<ui:insert name="footer">
		<ui:include src="footerpage.xhtml" />
	</ui:insert>
</div>
       
      <!-- -end of footer --> 	
        
        
        </h:body>
        </html>
       